The 10 Hack Commandments

1-5: The 5 Words of Advice.
6-10: The 5 Red Flags 🚩 of an Inexperienced Buyer.

In the format of:

n. Commandment
	"Word" (associated with the sin) - "Example"
	- Derivative, "Term"
	Verse

Thou shalt not...

1. Set your own expectations upon others.
	"Expect" - "Expectations are pre-meditated resentments."
	- Word of Advice #1, "The Broken Finger"
	If you continue to point your finger at others, you will eventually find it pointing back at yourself.

2. Reap where you do not sew.
	"Procrastinate" - "If it's not profitable, it's not worth it. Sell like crazy!"
	- Word of Advice #2, "The Lighter Thief"
	Don't waste your time with petty transactions and thievery. 100% of your actions should revolve around sales.

3. Complain about thine lot.
	"Complain" - The Common Law of Business Balance
	- Word of Advice #3, "The Pwned"
	Simple. You get what you pay for. Complain about what you get, and you'll continue to buy the garbage that you enjoy complaining about so much.

4. Use thine own product.
	"Consume" - I know you've heard this before...
	- Word of Advice #4, "The Windowlicker"
	Never get high on your own supply. There are only two industries that refer to their customers as "Users" — illicit drugs and software.

5. Squander thine fortune.
	"Squander" - "A penny saved is a penny earned."
	- Word of Advice #5, "The Rambler"
	"He's A bona fide runaway, he's a gambler. He can't count the lies he's told. He needs redemption; how 'bout forgiveness? He's a modern-day prodigal son.

6. Use vague speech during thouest delivery.
	"Obfuscate" - "Bumbling in the bramble (Beating around the bush)"
	- Red Flag #1, "The Security Nihilist"
	Keep beating around that bush... Perhaps you shall survive to tell the tale so that others may learn from your mistake.

7. Respond to feedback with disinterest.
	"Disparage" - Reluctance to Learn
	- Red Flag #2, "The Gaslighter"
	If you only knew how confused I am look at you telling me that you have no interest in learning about what I'm doing during a standup.

8. Order graphics without paying for a designer of graphics.
	"Misallocate" - Projected Naivety
	- Red Flag #3, "The 'Hey, you guys do computer stuff, right?'" If you need graphic design services, I understand. However... Don't put me on a $500 "minimum" weekly retainer and ask me to hire a graphic designer.

9. Order $10k worth of software for 1 person.
	"Hoard" - Quarantine Syndrome
	- Red Flag #4, "The Solo Date Night"
	Only an experienced buyer would know to avoid this trap. ... "Why don't you just build an app?" Go on, Love! And then what? That's right... sip your tea.

10. Treat a delay with a request.
	"Overcommit" - Buyer's Remorse
	- Red Flag #5, "The Burnout"
	Don't say I didn't tell ya so... but.. I told you so... You can't play around with this stuff — you'll get burned. Do you understand?